dr. Switzer yes washing my hands I'm
Catherine big mem Janet Carlisle
referred me yes that's me should I lay
down oh no no don't do that anymore just
and and let me tell you a bit about our
billing I am I charge $5 for the for the
first five minutes and then absolutely
nothing after that that sounds great
too good to be true as a matter of fact
well I can I can almost guarantee you
that that our session won't last a full
list at four or five minutes now we
don't do any insurance billing so you
would either have to pay him in cash or
by cheque Wow okay and I don't make
change all right go oh come on tell me
about the problem that you wish to
address oh okay well I have this fear of
being buried alive in a box
I just I start thinking about being
buried alive and I begin to panic as has
anyone ever ever tried to to bury you
alive in a box
no no but truly thinking about it does
make my life horrible I mean I can't go
through tunnels or be in an elevator or
in a house anything boxing so what what
you're saying is you're you're
claustrophobic yes yes that's it all
right well let's go Kathryn I'm uh I'm
going to say two words you right now I
want you to listen to them very very
carefully then I want you to take them
out of the office with you and
incorporate them in into your life write
them down
well if it makes you comfortable it's
just two words most we find most people
can can remember them okay you ready yes
okay
stop it yes Nord what are you saying you
know it's funny
III say two simple words and I cannot
tell you the amount of people who say
exactly the same thing you're saying I
mean this you know this is not you -
Catherine this is it so I should just
stop it there you go
I mean you you you don't want to go
through life being scared of being
buried alive in a box do you mean that
we don't go there just stop I should
just stop being afraid of being very
alive in a box only been three minutes
so that will be three dollars I don't
make change I guess I'll take the full
five minutes
fine all right what other problems would
you would you like to address Oh
I'm bulimic I stick my fingers down my
throat
but I'm compelled to my mom used to call
me no no no we date we don't go there
either but my horoscope did say we
definitely don't go there well I have
self-destructive relationships with men
you want to be with a man don't you
don't like this
I don't like this therapy at all you're
just telling me to stop it no I don't so
you think we're we're moving too fast
yes yes I do
all right then let me let me give you
ten words that I I think will clear
everything up for you why do you want if
you want to get a pad and a pencil for
this one